npm publish workflow (#17)
flotiq/flotiq-components-react: README.md

<Button label="Hello Component!"/>
```

## NPM publish

> To publish a new package in NPM, you need to update the version in the packages.json and packages-lock.json files and then commit the changes with the message "Release x.y.z".

Reviewer: there is no package-lock.json, only yarn.lock and it doesn't have a version inside
```suggestion
To publish a new package in NPM, you need to update the version in the packages.json file and then commit the changes with the message "Release x.y.z".
```
